README.md, before:

# \<Repo Name>

![MkDocs Deployment Status](https://github.com/rowland007/template-repository/actions/workflows/mkdocs.yml/badge.svg)  [![GitKraken Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-GitKraken%20Git%20Tools-teal?style=plastic&logo=gitkraken)](https://www.gitkraken.com/invite/54HeFuDe)

[\<Repo Name>](https://rowland007.github.io/template-repository/) by [Randall Rowland](https://randyrowland.me) is licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1) <img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nc.svg?ref=chooser-v1">

# Overview

A repository template copies all of its settings and content over to newly created repositories in that project. Utilizing this feature allows users to manage settings centrally & ensure that your repositories are always correctly configured. There is no need to define certain settings all over again. It includes branches and file (README, LICENSE, .gitignore, and .github/workflows) in the template repository every new repository will automatically have. The feature will mirror the content from the template to the new repositories.

# Configuration

## Files

This repository includes the following files

- [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [License](LICENSE.md)
- [Readme](README.md)

- [Github Workflow](.github/workflows/ci.yml)
    - This workflow watches the master branch and every time a commit is made, it uses the [mkdocs.yml](mkdocs.yml) file and the `docs/` folder to build mkdocs static website and deploy the repos documentation to the `gh-pages` branch automatically. The documentation can then be viewd at `https://<username>.github.io/<repo-name>/`. For example, this repo's documentation is located at [https://rowland007.github.io/template-repository/](https://rowland007.github.io/template-repository/).

## Branches

This repository initializes two branches, `master` and `develop`.

# Benefits

:white_check_mark: Spend less time repeating code   
:white_check_mark: Focus on building new things   
:white_check_mark: Less manual configuration   
:white_check_mark: Sharing boilerplate code across codebase   
:white_check_mark: Every template has a new url endpoint called **/generate**

Commit message:

Add new structure
Update README


Remove error

README.md, after:

# Homelab Playbook

![MkDocs Deployment Status](https://github.com/rowland007/template-repository/actions/workflows/mkdocs.yml/badge.svg)  [![GitKraken Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-GitKraken%20Git%20Tools-teal?style=plastic&logo=gitkraken)](https://www.gitkraken.com/invite/54HeFuDe)

[Homelab Playbook](https://rowland007.github.io/homelab-playbook) by [Randall Rowland](https://randyrowland.me) is licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1) <img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nc.svg?ref=chooser-v1">

# Overview

Playbooks are used by professionals to store or encapsulate knowledge on various topics and tactics. You will use these again and again in the field to deal with situations as they arise. The idea is that you don’t want to wait until a challenging situation arises to have a plan; you want to already have potential mitigation strategies in your playbook that can help kickstart your process toward finding solutions.

Remember, playbooks should not be confused with typical portfolios. You will not be presenting your playbook to an employer or bringing it to an interview. However, it will prepare you to successfully present yourself and your knowledge when approaching an interview or when meeting with a key stakeholder about an issue that arose.

Professional playbooks are continuing to become more commonly shared within the industry.
